THEY ARE SPECIFIC INSTRUCTN, % %
THE PRESIDENT WILL HAVE ANOTHER
ANNOUNCEMENT EITHER TODAY
TOMORROW.
>> YOU RAN US THROUGH ALL THE
IMPORTANT POINTS OF THE
ADDRESS.
I JUST HAVE ONE LAST QUESTION
BEFORE YOU GO.
WE KNOW THE TREASURY SECRETARY
STEVE MNUCHIN WAS TALKING TODAY
ABOUT THE AND IMPLEMENT RATE.
THERE WERE MEDIA REPORTS
YESTERDAY THAT PERHAPS IT WOULD
REACH 20%.
TODAY HE SAID WE CAN AVOID THAT
IF WE FOLLOW THE PRESIDENT'S
PLAN.
WHERE DO WE STAND ON THAT
POTENTIAL STIMULUS PACKAGE THATA
THE WHITE HOUSE IS LOOKING AT?
>> Reporter: THAT 20% FIGURE
CAME FROM REPORTING ABOUT WHAT
WAS DISCUSSED INSIDE THE SENATE
REPUBLICAN LUNCHEON.
REPUBLICAN